Link to the new documentation in the readme (#1604)
sublimelsp/LSP: README.md

> :information_source: Note that the `st4000-exploration` branch corresponds to the ST4 version of LSP. If you are looking for information on ST3 version, switch to [master branch](/LSP/tree/master).

Author: Not sure if that link to master branch will work.

Reviewer: https://github.com/sublimelsp/LSP/blob/72aae217a2b4e8dc65e8877f9fe91016ea8b0ca7/README.md 

looks like that it doesn't work

> :information_source: Note that the `st4000-exploration` branch corresponds to the ST4 version of LSP. If you are looking for information on ST3 version, switch to [master branch](https://github.com/sublimelsp/LSP/tree/master).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:information_source: You are reading the README of the `st4000-exploration` branch. This branch targets ST4. If you are looking for the ST3 version, switch to the [master branch](https://github.com/sublimelsp/LSP/tree/master).
```
